---
title: uSync.Migrations
---
:::warning
If you have a fairly modern Umbraco v10+ site, with no legacy data providers (e.g Grid or Nested Content), **You don't need uSync.Migrations!** Standard uSync will perform the minor updates between current properties and content inline, without you needing to do any fancy upgrades.

Migrations is only really necessary when you want to go from one property type to another ,(e.g Grid to BlockGrid)
:::

uSync.Migrations is your way to migrate an older version of a site to a new one

You can easily put the files on the site, press the upgrade buttons, and get an upgraded site out the other side. You can still customise and extend migrations to your hearts content.

uSync will migrate a lot of things for you. Migratrions can also migrate.

- Nested Content to BlockList
- Grid to BlockGrid
- Macros to Content Types (including updating the content)
- Swicher to toggle
- SpecrumColurPicker
... and loads of community migrations from v4!

In version 17 there are three steps to migrating.

<!-- from here, but the above still needs reformatting maybe -->

uSync migrations looks for old uSync version folders (e.g /uSync/v8, or /uSync/v13) you just copy the uSync folder from an old site into a new sites version of uSync directly and migrations will pick this up

Note

If you are migrating from the grid we recommend you also drop the sites config folder into the versioned uSync folder (e.g /uSync/v8/config) that way migrations can read the grid settings from the old site and ping them over.

Anaylise
Will take a look at the files in the legacy folder, and see if there are any issues. this then reports these to you 👍

image
Upgrade
The upgrade step is where uSync.Migrations will create any new content type or data type uSync files that might be needed for the data to be migrated,

examples of this are, new content types for all the grid elements, new content and doctypes to replace any macros you might have defined.

At this point nothing has been imported to your site

image
Import
The final step is the import, which is actually just the same as the standard import uSync performs, Migrations has some extra items that integrate with the standard import (ConfigSeriaizers and ValueMappers) - anyone can write these, and the will run on import.

image
The import runs some things through twice, because for example the Grid DataType requires that all the new content types be created, and rather than write a whole new import process, we run it twice.

Installing
uSync.Migrations rc1 - requires uSync v17.1.0-rc1

dotnet add package uSync.Migrations --prerelease

