---
title: uSync.Once / Stop Files
---

`uSync.once` and `uSync.stop` are special files that you can use on your deployments to control how uSync imports will run at startup.

If you site has the `ImportAtStartup` setting configured to import items when the site starts up then the `uSync.once` and `uSync.stop` files will be checked. 

### uSync.Once 
If your uSync folder (`uSync/v15`) contains a `uSync.once` file, uSync will perform an import at startup and then change the `uSync.once` file into a `uSync.stop` file. 

### uSync.Stop

If the uSync folder contains a `uSync.stop` file then uSync will not perform an import even if the ImportAtStartup setting is true.


## One Time Import 
The main purpose of the `uSync.once` and `uSync.stop` files are to allow you to perform a one time import when you deploy your site, but then an import will not run should your site restart without deployment. 

1. Write a `uSync.once` file to the site on deployment.
2. When the site starts up uSync will perform and import and rename `uSync.once` to `uSync.stop`.
3. If the site restarts or reloads without a deployment the `uSync.stop` file will prevent any imports from happening.

## Adding the Once File at Publish. 

Adding the following to the .csproj file will create the Once file when you do a `dotnet publish`:

```xml
<!-- copy a "_usync.once" file to "usync/usync.once" on publish -->
	<ItemGroup>
		<ResolvedFileToPublish Include="uSync/_usync.once">
			<RelativePath>uSync/v9/usync.once</RelativePath>
			<CopyToPublishDirectory>Always</CopyToPublishDirectory>
		</ResolvedFileToPublish>
	</ItemGroup>
```

## Adjusting the File Location

Starting from v13.2.6 you can set the name and (relative) location for both the Once and Stop files in the appsettings.json file.

  ```
  "uSync": {
    "Settings": {
      "ImportAtStartup": "All",
      "StopFile": "../usync.stop",
      "OnceFile": "../usync.once"
    }
  }
  
  ```

This will put them in the /uSync folder (assuming your files were in /uSync/v9). This will mean that If you do a clean export, your Once and Stop files will remain in tact. 
